Update editions-and-offerings to match pricing page changes (#6932)
mattermost/docs: source/about/editions-and-offerings.rst

- `Advanced legal controls with customizable end-user terms of service and re-acceptance duration </comply/custom-terms-of-service.html>`__.
- `Private mobility with ID-only push notifications </configure/site-configuration-settings.html#notification-pushnotificationcontents>`__.
- `Enhanced compliance with global and custom retention policies for messages and files </comply/data-retention-policy.html>`__.

> - `Playbooks with ad hoc add/remove tasks, automated triggers, and stakeholders dashboard <https://docs.mattermost.com/playbooks/get-started-with-playbooks.html>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Playbooks with ad hoc add/remove tasks, automated triggers, and stakeholders dashboard </repeatable-processes/learn-about-playbooks.html>`__.
```
